Republicans in the House of Representatives unveiled their long-awaited draft healthcare bill on Monday night, amid hopes this was the first step on a road to keeping a key election promise.
Replacing the Affordable Care Act became a rallying cry among conservatives for years and here was the first attempt by the party to fashion an alternative.
But just 24 hours later and the mood in the party has changed, with the knives out for the American Health Care Act before it has even got to committee.
It's still a "work in progress", say Republicans who are behind the bill, but what happened within a few hours on Tuesday means that work may be harder than anyone imagined.
So what happened and when? All times eastern (-5 GMT)
Monday evening - it's a new dawn
18:05 - Republican Party release their bill
What's in the Republican bill?
19:50 - House Speaker Paul Ryan says "this unified Republican government will deliver relief and peace of mind to the millions of Americans suffering under Obamacare". Health Secretary Tom Price says he "welcomes action by the House to end this nightmare for the American people".


China has proposed that North Korea suspend its tests of missile and nuclear technology to "defuse a looming crisis".
Foreign Minister Wang Yi said that in exchange, the US and South Korea could halt annual joint military drills, which consistently infuriate the North.
The appeal comes after North Korea test-launched four missiles on Monday, breaking international sanctions.
In response, the US began rolling out a missile defence system in South Korea.
Speaking on the sidelines of China's annual parliamentary meeting, Mr Wang said the Korean peninsula was like "two accelerating trains, coming toward each other with neither side willing to give way".
"Are the two sides really ready for a head-on collision?" he asked.
A mutual halt of military operations would be the first step towards easing tensions and reopening negotiations, he said.
Thaad 'no threat to China'
Three of the North Korean missiles came down inside Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) on Monday, prompting Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and US President Donald Trump to say the region had entered "a new stage of threat".
The UN Security Council earlier strongly condemned the launch in a unanimous statement, calling it a grave violation of North Korea's international obligations, which risked destabilising the region.
The Council, which will meet later on Wednesday, also threatened to "take further significant measures" against North Korea, which could imply efforts to introduce a fresh round of sanctions.
Meanwhile, the US has again sought to reassure Beijing over deployment of an extensive missile defence system in South Korea.
The Terminal High-Altitude Area Defense system (Thaad) is designed to protect South Korea, and US troops based there, from North Korean missile attacks. The first elements of it were moved into place on Tuesday, hours after the North's latest launch.
What is the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense System (Thaad)?
Shoots down short and medium-range ballistic missiles in the terminal phase of their flight
Uses hit-to-kill technology - where kinetic energy destroys the incoming warhead
Has a range of 200km and can reach an altitude of 150km
US has previously deployed it in Guam and Hawaii as a measure against potential attacks from North Korea
What impact will S Korea's expanded missile defence system have?